Updating the dropdown documentation (#1141)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/dropdown/partials/code/component-api.md

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="listPosition" @type="string" @values={{array "left" "right" }} @default="right"/>
  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="any valid CSS width (px, rem, etc)">
    By default, the Dropdown List has a `min-width` of `200px` and a `max-width` of `400px`, so it adapts to the content size. If a `@width` parameter is provided then the list will have a fixed width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="close" @type="function">
    Function to programmatically close the dropdown. 
    <br/><br/>

>     If this function is invoked using an `\{{on "click"}}` modifier applied to the `ListItem::Interactive` element, there is a quirky behavior of the Ember `<LinkTo>` component that will require some workaround to have the events executed in the right order (this happens only if it has a `@route` argument). Read more about the issue and a possible solution [in this GitHub comment](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/pull/399#issuecomment-1171186772).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If this function is invoked using an `\{{on "click"}}` modifier applied to the `ListItem::Interactive` element, there is a quirky behavior of the Ember `<LinkTo>` component which requires a workaround to have the events executed in the right order (this happens only if it has a `@route` argument). Read more about the issue and a possible solution [in this GitHub comment](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/pull/399#issuecomment-1171186772).
```

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="text" @required="true" @type="string">
    Value of `aria-label` for the ToggleIcon. If no text value is defined, an error will be thrown.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="icon" @type="string">

>     Acceptable value: any [Helios icon](/foundations/icons/library) name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Acceptable value: any [Helios icon](/icons/library) name.
```

    Acceptable values: “action” or “critical”.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="icon" @type="string">
    Acceptable value: any [Helios icon](/foundations/icons/library) name.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isLoading" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    Controls if the item is in “loading” state. When in this state, the item is not actually interactive, but you can pass the other expected arguments for the item (they’re simply ignored).
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="href">
    URL passed to the `<a>` element.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isHrefExternal" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">
    Indicates whether or not the `<a>` link is external, in which case `target="_blank"` and `rel="noopener noreferrer"` attributes are added automatically.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="route models model query current-when replace">
    Parameters passed as arguments to the `<LinkTo/LinkToExternal>` component.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="isRouteExternal" @type="boolean" @values={{array "false" "true" }} @default="false">

>     Controls if the "LinkTo" is external to the Ember engine ([more details here](https://ember-engines.com/docs/link-to-external)) in which case it will use a `<LinkToExternal>` instead of a simple `<LinkTo>` for the @route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Controls if the “LinkTo” is external to the Ember engine ([more details here](https://ember-engines.com/docs/link-to-external)) in which case it will use a `<LinkToExternal>` instead of a simple `<LinkTo>` for the @route.
```

Reviewer: You added curly quotes in other parts of the text so I suggested this change for consistency. 

Would you like me to check for these in general though? (I've been ignoring them in our text so far and only suggesting changes to use curly apostrophes since we seemed more agreed upon using those.)
